From the Service Operations Workspace homepage,
unresolved work can be accessed through team widgets.
Here,
an unassigned Incident is selected from the
Hosting Services group queue for review.
Before taking ownership,
review the key context.
Priority and SLA timing
help determine how quickly action is needed.
If you're taking responsibility for the incident,
click Assign to Me to assign it to yourself.
This moves the record into the In Progress state.
This signals ownership and updates visibility for others.
Once ownership is established,
the Response SLA is satisfied
and investigation becomes the focus.
Continue to monitor SLA timing throughout the incident lifecycle.
Before acting,
review the issue carefully,
confirm what is happening,
who is affected,
and whether the current classification still makes sense.
A first Worknote should record what has been checked and what happens next.
Meaningful updates make the record useful to others.
At this point,
the incident is actively owned and ready for investigation.